Now, let's go ahead and look at adjusting our lidar parameters so we can
have much higher lidar scan resolution.
This is what we're shooting for.
We want many more rays.
We want lots of these rays hitting our traffic cars,
and then we'll be able to use that data to
discern where those cars are at in the environment.
So here in this next exercise,
we're going to go back to lidar.h and there'll be a couple of to-dos in that file.
These to-dos will include increasing the number of layers.
So if we look at lidar.h.
So inside the struct lidar,
we'll see these to-dos,
and we can see numLayers is currently three.
I'll go ahead and increase it to eight,
and then the other things to do is,
we want a better horizontal layer increment resolution.
So right now, it's doing increments of Pi over 6.
Instead, do Pi over 64,
and then the last two are setting min distance.
So why do you want to do that?
Well, some of these lasers are actually going to be hitting the roof of your car,
and those really don't tell you too much about the environment that tells you,
"Hey, do you have this roof right there?"
So go ahead. We can filter this out by saying if
a point is too close to the lidar sensor,
then we assume it's just the roof of the car and we don't worry about it.
So there instead of using a min distance of zero,
you can set it to five to remove points from the roof of the car.
The last thing is to add noise.
Well, in any situation like in reality,
we have lots of noise that we're working with,
things aren't perfect, things aren't clean,
and so just adding some noise to
the scan will actually create some more interesting PCD data,
and also allow you to have more robust algorithms for processing this data as well.
So actually, let's do a noise that's quite high.
Instead of using zero,
we can do a 0.2, and this is in meters,
so it'll be quite high but it'll give us some nice interesting PCD data later to look at.
So go ahead and just take a couple minutes
now to go through lidar.h and change these parameters,
and then go ahead and compile and run and look at the increased resolution.
Then, the parameters being used here are just suggestions.
These can work to see all the cars but these are also
parameters that you are highly encouraged to play around with,
and you could even see if you can match it up perfectly with the BOP
64 and really test the limitations of doing ray casting in this sense.
Can you get like 256,000 laser rays?
So yeah, go ahead and check it out.